Question 1 (Day of the Week)
Write a program that asks the user for a number in the range of 1 through 7. The program should display the corresponding day of the week where 1 = Monday, 2 =  Tuesday,  3 =  Wednesday, 4 = Thursday, 5 = Friday, 6 = Saturday, and 7 = Sunday. The program should display an error message of the user eters a number that is outside the range 1 through 7.

Question 2 (Area of Rectangles)
The area of a rectangle is the rectangles's length times its width. Write a program that asks for the length and width of two rectangles. The program should tell the user which rectangle has the greater area, or if the areas are the same.

Question 3 (Age Classifier)
Write a program that asks the user to enter  a person's age. The program should display a message indicating whether the person is an infant, a child, a teenager, or an adult. The guidelines for the classification are below;
If the person is 1year old or less, he or she is an infant
If the person is older than 1year, but younger than 13years, he or she is a child
If the person is at least 13years old, but less than 20years old, he or she is a teenager
If the person is at least 20years old, he or she is an adult

Question 4 (Mass and Weight)
Scientists measure an object's mass in kilograms and its weight in newtons. If you know the amount of mass of an object in kilograms, you can calculate the weight in newtons with the following formula:		weight = mass x 9.8
Write a program that asks the user to enter an object's mass, then calculates its weight. If the object weighs more than 500 newtons display a message indicating that it is too heavy. If the object weights less than 100 newtons, display a message indicating that it is too light.

Question 5 (Magic Dates)
The date June 10, 1960, is special because when it is wrtten in the following format, the month times the day equals the year:
6/10/60
Write a program that asks the user to enter a month(in numeric form) a day, and a two-digit year. The program should then determine whether the month times the day equals the year. If so, it should display a message saying the date is magic. Otherwise, it should display a message saying the date is not magic.

Question 6 (Hot Dog Cookout Calculator)
Assume hot dogs come in packages of 10, and ot dog bun come in packages of 8. Write a program that calculates the number of packages of hot dogs and the number of packages of hot dog buns needed for a cookout, with the minimum amount of leftovers. The program should ask the user for the number of people attending the cookout and the number of hot dogs each person will be given. The program should display the following details:
The minimum number of packages of hot dogs required
The minimum number of packages of hot dog buns required
The number of hot dog that will be left over
The number of hot dog buns that will be left over

Question 7 (Roulette Wheel Colors)
On a roulette wheel, the pockets are numbered from 0 to 36. The colors of the pockets are as follows:
Pocket 0 is green
For pockets 1 through 10, the odd-numbered pockets are red and the even-numbered pockets are black
For pockets 11 through 18, the odd-numbered pockets are black and the even numbered pockets are red
For pockets 19 through 28, the odd numbered pockets are red and the even-numbered pockets are black
For pockets 29 through 36, the odd-numbered pockets are black and the even-numbered pockets are red
Write a program that asks the user to enter a pocket number and displays whether the pocket is green, red or black. The program should display an error message if the user enters a number that is outside the range 0 through 36.

Question 8 (Money Counting Game)
Create a change-counting game that tells the user to enter the number of coins required to make exactly one dollar. The program should prompt the user to enter the number of pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters. If the total value of the coins entered is equal to one dollar, the program should congratulate the user for winning the game. Otherwise, the program should display a message indicating whether the amount entered was more than or less than one dollar.

Question 9 (Software Sales)
A Software company sells a package that retails for $99. Quantity discounts are given according to the following table:
		Quantity 		Discount
		10-19			10%
		20-49			20%
		50-99			30%
		100 or more		40%
Write a program that asks the user to enter the number of packages purchased. The program should then display the amount of the discount(if any) and the total amount of the purchase after discount

Question 10 (Shipping Charges)
The Fast Freight Shipping Company charges the following rates
	Weight of Package					Rate per Pound
	2 pound or less						$1.50
	Over 2 pounds but not more than 6 pounds	$3.00
	Over 6 pounds but not more than 10 pounds	$4.00
	Over 10 pounds						$4.75
Write a program that asks the user to enter the weight of a package then displays the shipping charges

Question 11 (Body Mass Index)
Write a program that calculates and displays a person's body mass index (BMI). The BMI is often used to determine whether a person is overweight or underweight for his or her height. A person's BMI is calculated with the following formula:
		BMI = weight x 703/height^2	
where weight is measured in pounds and height is measured in inches. The program should ask the user to enter his or her weight and height, then display the user's BMI. The program should also display a message indicating whether the person has optimal weight, is underweight, or is overweight. A person's weight is considered to be optimal if his or her BMI is between 18.5 and 25. If the BMI is less than 18.5, the person is considered to be underweight. If the BMI is greater than 25, the person is considered to be overweight.

Question 12 (Time Calculator)
Write a program that asks the user to enter a numbr of seconds and works as follows:
There are 60 seconds in a minute. If the number of seconds entered by the user is greater than or equal to 60 the prigram should convert the number of seconds to minutes and seconds
There are 3,600 seconds in an hour. If the number of seconds entered by the user is greater than or equal to 3,600, the program should convert the nuber of seconds to hours,minutes and seconds
There are 86,400 seconds in a day. If the number of seconds entered by the user is greater than or equal to 86,400, the program should convert the number of seconds to days, hours, minutes and seconds.

Question 13 (February Days)
The month of February normally has 28days. But if it is a leap year, February has 29 days. Write a program that asks the user to enter a year. The program should then display the number of days in February that year. Use the following criteria to identify leap year:
Determine whether the year is divisible by 100. If it is, then it is a leap year if and only if it is also divisible by 400. For example, 2000 is a leap year, but 2100 is not
If the year is not divisible by 100, then it is a leap year if and only if it is divisible by 4. For example 2008 is a leap year, but 2009 is not.